Sync with latest version of policy docs (#50)
mozilla/enterprise-admin-reference: src/content/docs/reference/policies/EnableTrackingProtection.mdx

- If `ConvenienceExceptions` is true, Firefox will apply exceptions automatically that are only required to fix minor issues and make convenience features available. (Firefox 145)

> [!NOTE]

> > Users can change `BaselineExceptions` and `ConvenienceExceptions` even when `Category` is set to `strict` unless `Locked` is set to true. If `Locked` is set to true, the defaults are used unless a different value is specified in policy for `BaselineExceptions` and `ConvenienceExceptions`.

Reviewer: What do 'the defaults' refer to here? `BaselineExceptions` and `ConvenienceExceptions`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Users can change `BaselineExceptions` and `ConvenienceExceptions` even when `Category` is set to `strict` unless `Locked` is set to true. If `Locked` is set to `true`, `BaselineExceptions` and `ConvenienceExceptions` use their initial values (based on the tracking protection `Category`) unless policy explicitly sets them.
```
